before the war on Gaza Mahmud was all
smiles as he sold juice on the
street he's from Gaza but only him and
his aunt live in Jordan like many
Palestinians he's lost multiple family
members as entire neighborhoods are
being wiped out 130 members of his
extended family have decided to move to
different locations in Gaza so at least
some of them survive the latest Israeli
bombings my aunt was killed then her two
daughters the last we heard 13 of our
cousins had been wounded then we lost
all contact we don't know whether
they're dead or alive watching the
Carnage unfold has pushed many people to
donate what they can at this medical
camp they're donating blood this will be
kept by blood banks in Aman in hope that
Israel will allow in Medical
Aid this is my blood if I know it will
reach Gaza I'll donate every day it's
the least we can do because we can't get
there we keep praying for them if I
donate and everyone donates we can all
make a
[Applause]
difference our blood our soul is for you
ala that's what these children are
chanting in support of Palestinian
resistance the point of giz gathering is
to educate their children about the
plight and to tell the children of Gaza
the children around the world care for
them pal will be free and I am here
because I love paltin and
is killing the the kids in Gaza and we
have to help him and stand with them all
of you don't just pray Dua and pray and
make Dua for the children
andand mm no longer sells juice these
days he says his grief doesn't allow him
to smile Palestinians here spend much of
their time in sorrow and
prayers am
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer